hello my dear chefs and welcome I forgot
what I was seeing
hello my dear chefs and welcome to the
kitchen of spice it up today I'm very
excited to share with you ha it's a
traditional recipe that was invented in
Naples which is a beautiful city you
definitely need to go and check it out
if you ever come to Italy amita Pizza
I'm going to show you the most
traditional of them all which is the
basic watermark any time which is just a
plain red beet so if someone says I love
cheese and then you can just jazz it up
according to whatever you'd like just
put it on top of it it will be amazing
and it's all about the ingredients good
fresh drop ingredients trick for an
Italian plates to be honest and I think
I just rambled and raved before I don't
know like 30 minutes or something so
let's stop the chatting and let's go
straight into the recipe you're gonna
need some all-purpose flour
natural rising yeast for bread and pizza
granulated white sugar because this
won't activate your yeast water which
has to be at least at room temperature
just a pinch of salt and good quality
extra virgin olive oil for the dressing
you're gonna need good quality tomato
sauce I made a video explaining you all
about how to do it and you're gonna need
some fresh basil some dried oregano and
some good-quality mozzarella cheese and
some extra virgin olive oil the first
thing you wanna do is activate your East
so I'm taking my niece my room
temperature water and much sugar I'm
just gonna add my water to the sugar
because the sugar activates the East
it's basically the East then you do the
water and the sugar you're gonna add
your yeast just gently stir it so that
any lumps are disintegrated and set it
aside for 5 to 6 minutes you'll see that
the yeast has been activated because it
will start to form a nice nice bubbly
foam on top my
says activated it's nice unfolding on
top and I'm gonna take my flower I'm
gonna just make a well at the center and
I'm going to pour in my yeast water
mixture
then I'm gonna gently incorporate it
with a fork to the flour mixture you
sprinkle it about a tablespoon of
extra-virgin olive oil I'm gonna
sprinkle in a pinch of salt
I'm just gonna lightly flour my hands
don't add too much flour because
otherwise it won't become too thick just
enough so that nothing sticks to your
hands you're gonna need this thing
together until it's nice and start
eating it together the thing is that
with bread mixtures the mole is the more
you need things together the more soft
and fluffy the end result as you can see
my pizza dough is nice and ready it's
fluffy
now you just wanna move it into a bowl
and it's super easy you gonna take the
side pitch them together
switch them together one lap perfect
full now you're gonna take your pizza
ball go and put into a slightly oiled
Bowl just
rather than ground but in my pizza dough
because oil blocks the oxidation so them
no problem
before the top of it I'm gonna cover it
with kitchen towel and place this in a
warm place to rise for about one hour or
until it has doubled in size I'm gonna
show you the results when you get there
my pizza dough has been resting for the
last hour and a half and it has doubled
in size and it's nice and fluffy it
looks perfect and now we're just ready
to spin it out and shape it into a
circular shape put the toppings on and
eat everything up I'm gonna cover my
dough in flour so that it's not sticky
and now to shape it it's really really
easy and you're just with your finger do
an indent you do a circular shape and
with your fingers you just not and you
start shaping your outside part of the
pizza
and then what I like to do is with 1/2 I
just start flipping it up on the side
keeping one hand and you can see it just
stretches if you don't like to do this
by hand you can just roll it out you
wanna just roll it out evenly not do
thinly until it has approximately after
conference of 30 centimeters and you're
done now you want to cut out your
mozzarella I like to cut mine in thin
slices just leave it a minute to pour
out the water and squeeze the water out
otherwise when you put it in the oven it
will become too watery now you want to
take your tomato sauce and just season
it I just like pinch of salt and adding
some oregano because to me tomato sauce
and oregano is just pizza and now it's
super easy you're just gonna take a
spoon of your tomato sauce place it in
the middle of your pizza and just spoon
it round I'm gonna top my pizza with
mozzarella
you go a couple of leaves of fresh basil
a drizzle of good extra virgin olive oil
and now this you need to put on your
baking sheet if you have the traditional
oven like I do I just use a nice
preheated pizza stone and it works
perfectly if you don't have a pizza
stone just use aluminium foil not the
shiny part the other way around just put
a drizzle of bit of extra-virgin olive
oil so that nothing sticks you can add
your pizza to it and pop it into a
preheated 250 degrees celcius oven for
at least 12 to 15 release until it gets
a nice brown delicious color and I'm
gonna show you the results
whenever and here you have it your
delicious homemade margherita pizza for
the final style I can't wait to try this
I cut myself a slice because I don't
know about you guys but we in Italy we
did with our hands pizza for me it's
like the most amazing comfort food ever
it's just delicious as you can see my
pizza is quite thin but has a thicker
crust on the outside it has a beautiful
golden color and this is what we call
napoletana style some of them do it
thicker than this but this is just how I
like my pizza
oh good so when I stop talking right now
because pizza definitely needs to be
eaten hot and this is cooling down and I
really wanna eat this so I hope you
enjoyed spending time with me I hope you
like my homemade margherita pizza and if
you did like this recipe please remember
to give a big thumbs up to the video
subscribe I post new videos every
Tuesday and let me know in the comment
down below what you want me to do next
if you have any suggestion and you
recipe you really want to know how to do
just comment down below so I'm gonna
stop talking and I love this I can't
avoid it
I'm just to tell you stick with it let's
see if she likes pizza just as much as I
do what do you think
you